all welcome enemies and spectators and
precious subscribers of our channel
today is Saturday
so it's time for a new release
club news and the most interesting for
last week in the world of gaming industry
drove today we find out that dota 2 and
surs 2 will soon become one
borderlands online already announced
soon early access h van ze
one
level will be able to play along with
friends in no Minsk we will get you
will be able to play with friends in no
man's sky what does that mean oh wow
quiet quiet quiet now we will tell everything
but Minsk is not a traditional network
the game here you can not explore
space together with friends most
you won't even know who
other people play and whether it plays at all
because the scale of the game is simply colossal in
no man's sky all players explore total
only one universe however it is so
hugely a little wrong put it
size is just a monster and every
starts at a random place in the galaxy
so even knowing where
your friends are unlikely to be able to
meet them
quote people ask us but what if
I know where my friends can I get
there and I answer yes of course but then
your friends will have to stay on
place for quite a while while you
you get there but even after getting there and
sat down on one planet what do you say I'm on
a planet the size of the earth standing on a mountain
and you where I understand that all this is strange and
somewhat chillingly the chapter
hello games studios sean murray recall
that the planets in no man's sky are also
generated completely random that is
their size is truly enormous earlier about such
scale and reflect was
it is so hard it was just
impossible so difficult for you
imagine what it is how big
the scale of the game until we try not
find out and therefore do not understand stella
has anyone watched this movie
developers on umansky stand on
that the game is significantly different from everything
of what people used to play
We inform that the multiplayer in no man's sky
not the basis of gameplay
and only the release supplement is promised in
2015 on playstation 4 version for
personal computer is expected later
date unfortunately not known in new
a blog on the official website of the game dota 2 l
in reported future plans tangent
games including that the game
will get the biggest engine improvements in
early next year
and it is likely that it will not
just update and transition to the new version
source 2 engine
despite the fact that the developers are not
calls engine exactly source 2 new
version of the game dota 2 is marked as
I quote a significant improvement which
allow users to quickly create
custom fashion on the example of the current
version of the engine and editor dota 2
workshops
alpha unfortunately no details about
there is no material except support
64-bit systems what exactly will bring
surse 2 in addition to the specified was not clear
would be cool if you were a first-person view
the company belt notes that due to
this major update
the game attention does not get festive
content as past years
This is due to the fact that any content
will require complete processing from scratch to
that Velv has neither time nor resources
instead, all forces will go to carry
dota 2 to the new engine
however, there will be something in February
new traditional festival of new colors
so you can expect release
dota 2 on new technologies most likely
will be the end of February or spring
information appeared about announcements
borderlands online if you believe the edition
stupid with reference to the Chinese source
studio shaba games together with the studio
tuki games announced borderlands
online however is not yet completely clear
how is all this implemented except
the fact that this is an MRI shooter with the same
concept as in previous parts
the series also states that
initially the project is oriented for
Chinese region and beta players
testing will take place on a personal
computer and mobile devices worth
mention that the concept of burgundy always
was comfortable for doing online
component
except for all
parts of the cooperative and themselves
developers often shared their thoughts about
creating quote endless
borderlands do you think the move is right
made studio shanda games in collaboration with
studio such games beta testing
by the way scheduled for 2015 came out on our
look the most epic short
team fortress 2
the filming of this short film took
literally years however james film can
and not the end of the line
that's what it's called at last
finished and he really and if not
the most epic of all animations
films on team fortress 2
included in the top five and on a par with the rollers
very wells very nice that about the game
do not forget and make it different
subway maps zhki and other on the outskirts
By the way worked bale and also worked
Projects like black mesa despite
the fact that he is a professional developer
This does not mean that others can not
also the entire short film was created in
Sursk maker link of course in
description
and here is one of the most interesting
news for this week sony online
entertainment confirmed that January 15
2015 release of the early
access
their new cost apocalyptic zombies and
mother already lancets one in steam worth this
version will be 20 dollars at the same time
developers warn not to
buy early access if you don’t
understand what it is if you don't
bought daisy in early access
explain there will be many very many
deficiencies bugs and other problems rather
there will be a similar situation near
later will announce a more expensive version
early access with a couple of buns in quotes
remind to somehow dilute
the release of the circle of news in each issue will be
some challenge challenge you dear viewers and
of course you precious subscribers
we ask a question and you try
answer it today’s question
the release of top indie best games
in our years but just colossal
number of indie games
but even worth a look in steam and you can
will notice that most of the games are
andy get a huge mountain of projects
which is just really hard
navigate some of the projects
you can immediately reject
and send to landfill and some even
can compete ruffled and
games are triple developers
projects to adhere to
stereotypes and in india there is no such thing
invite you to make your top best
indie games to your taste
let it be not yet released the project
let the main thing that this top was top
for you this whole thing you can leave
in the comments under the video
Meanwhile the matter is not fully fit
forget to subscribe to become
precious subscribers is lower
agree on more solid than expensive
the viewer do not forget to put big
green thumb up and make your top
comments well and on this all all good luck
and bye